write a shell program to print a fibonacci series. A) The script should accept the input from 
the command line. B) If you don’t input any data, then display an error message.


What are system calls? How are they different from normal function calls? What is fork
system call used for? Write a program to create a new process using fork().//add two numbers using fork()?

Write a program to create a orphan process using fork().


 To write a C program to create 2 threads, first to find the sum of odd numbers, second to find the 
sum of even numbers. Finally display the list of odd and even numbers

Write a program to create a zombie process using fork()


Write a shell program to check whether given three number are equal or not. The script should 
accept the input from the command line


rite a shell program to find to whether a given number is prime number or not using if else 
condition. The script should accept the input from the command line


 To write a C program for implementation memory allocation methods for fixed partition using first fit


 To write a C program for implementation memory allocation methods for fixed partition using best fit.



. Write a shell script to print a number in reverse order. It should support the following 
requirements:
i) The script should accept the input from the command line. 
ii) If you don’t input any data, then display an error message

Write a multithreaded program that calculates various statistical values for a list of numbers. 
One thread will determine the average of the numbers, the second will determine the maximum 
value



b. Write a Shell program to find a factorial of a number. The script should accept the input from the 
command line


Write a shell program to check whether the given book is available or not. The set of books 
are {Data structure, Operating system, Discrete mathematics, Algorithms}. If the book is not 
found, display an error message.



Write a Shell program to swap the two non-negative integers. The script should accept the input 
from the command line.


To write a C program to create 2 threads, first to find the sum of odd numbers, second to find the 
sum of even numbers. Finally display the list of odd and even numbers

















